chore(docs): Add link to graphql reference on conceptual guide (#13890)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/querying-with-graphql.md

### Formatting dates

People often store dates like "2019-05-04" but want to display the date in some other form like "May 4th, 2019". One way of doing this is to load a date-formatting JavaScript library into the browser. Or, with Gatsby's GraphQL layer, you can do the formatting at query-time like:

```graphql
{

>   date(formatString: "MMMM Do, YYYY") // May 4th, 2019

Reviewer: Please remove the comment / undo the change as it's not valid GraphQL syntax

}
```

> Or maybe add the time:

Reviewer: We can also undo this block and and keep the last line

```graphql
{
  date(formatString: "MMMM Do YYYY, h:mm:ss a") // May 4th 2019, 5:00:00 am
}
```
You could even display a machine readible format, which is great for the `<time>` [HTML tag](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/time).
```graphql
{
  date(formatString: "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mmZ") // 2019-05-04T05:00+00:00
}
```

> See the full list of formatting options by viewing [the source](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/packages/gatsby/src/schema/types/date.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the full list of formatting options by viewing our [GraphQL Reference page](/docs/graphql-reference/#dates).
```

https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/graphql-reference/#dates

Author: Oh wow, I didn't know this page existed! 😄 

I even searched "date" and all that came up was "data".
